EZEE-2949: Grouping blocks in Page Builder (#916)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/extending/extending_page.md

        blocks:
            example_block:
                name: Example Block

>                 # Group that the block will be placed in the Elements menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                # The group that contains the block in the Elements menu
```

>                 # Group that the block will be placed in the Elements menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                # The group in the Elements menu in which the block will be placed
```

>     You can overwrite following properties in the existing blocks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can overwrite the following properties in the existing blocks:
```
